0.  JPEG supports 16 million colours.
    PNG supports 16 million colours.
    GIF supports 256 colours with 8 bit per pixel.
    In BMP  Each pixel is represented using 16 bits or 2 bytes. There are 5 bits for red, 6 bits for green, and 5 bits for blue.
    The total number of possible colors is about 65 thousand (256x256)

1.  PNG , JPEG , BMP do not support animations.
    GIF supports animations.
    
2.  Lossless and lossy compression are terms that describe whether or not, in the compression of a file, all original data can be
    recovered when the file is uncompressed. With lossless compression, every single bit of data that was originally in the file
    remains after the file is uncompressed.
    
3.  BMP and PNG are lossless file formats whereas JPEG and GIF are lossy file formats.

4.  When the operating system erases a FAT file, two things occur. First, the system modifies the filename’s first
    character in the file’s directory entry to signal that the file has been deleted and that the directory entry can be recycled.
    Second, the system moves all of the file’s FAT clusters to the hard drive’s list of free clusters. The actual file data is never touched.
    
5.   We will prefer to sanitize hard-drive information by intentionally overwriting that data with other data so that the
     original data cannot be recovered.
     
6.  stdint.h is a header file present inside bmp.h which itself is present in copy.c . Purpose of stdint.h is to rename complex names of 
    datatypes that are used in bmp.h .

7.  uint8_t, uint32_t, int32_t, and uint16_t are datatypes of variable which are used in header file of bmp images.

8.  Size of BYTE is :   8 bits
    Size of DWORD is : 32 bits
    Size of LONG is :  32 bits
    Size of WORD is :  16 bits

9.   first two bytes of any BMP file is : 6 bytes

10. biSize : The number of bytes required by the structure.
    bfSize : The size, in bytes, of the bitmap file.

11. The bitmap is a bottom-up DIB (device-independent bitmap) and its origin is the lower left corner.

12. biBitCount specifies the BMP’s color depth (i.e., bits per pixel) .

13. fopen might return NULL in copy.c:37 because nothing could be written if file does not exists.

14. Third argument to fread always 1 in our code because this is the address being provided to bf.

15. 3

16. The fseek() function shall set the file-position indicator for the stream pointed to by stream. I

17. SEEK_CUR takes file-position to a certain given limit ahead or behind depending from input from current position.

18. Nate Hardison :D
